# Personas
A persona is a collection of features that allow a specific type of user to complete their "jobs to be done". The process in which the user completes the job is referred to as a user journey.
### SMART! has been developed around five core user journeys:
- **[Accountable](/jobs/accountable.html)**: the accountable user will complete assigned submissions. They will attach evidence or provide comments for items of compliance as well as creating actions to close identified gaps. The accountable person is held responsible for the compliance and maturity improvement for the assigned assessments. Once they have completed the submission they are able to "Submit" the submission and perform a review in collaboration with the Assessor. The accountable user is also responsible for endorsing the plan and communicating it to their team and feedback users.
- **[Assessor](/jobs/assessor.html)**: the assessor user is responsible for the development and configuration of assessments (in conjunction with the System Admininstrator). The assessor is able to schedule and assign submissions to those accountable for the submission as well as request feedback from people. The assessor will review and approve or reject submissions. Approved submissions will contain a number of actions that have been agreed upon between the organisation, accountable user and the assessor. These actions form the "Maturity Plan" for the next period.
- **[Feedback](/jobs/feedback.html)**: the feedback users are members of a team that has been requested to provide feedback on a specific submission. Feedback users are able to answer questions and provide comments. Feedback provided is then considered by the accountable user and assessor while they review the submission.
- **[Planner](/jobs/planner.html)**: the planner is responsible for creating Objectives and Initiatives that determine what needs to be done and how it is measured (Key Results). _Note: The role of planner is often filled by the Assessor User._
- **[System Administrator](/jobs/sys-admin.html)**: system administration functions including the configuration of users and teams, standards and requirements, and management of the assessment catalogue and submission scheduling.